hey what's up guys it's tuk here I'm
going to do the episode of my recipe for
disaster quest guide and today we're
doing ceramic VARs and so start as
always with the quiet items you'll need
your ice clubs from the hero's quest
these visual team by killing the ice
queen an empty pot a pot of cream and
bucket of milk some cinnamon sweet corn
raw chicken and Jeremy's staff
I also recommend bringing a super set
and fire potion and shield some prayer
potions and our doom teleport runes if
you can't use our doom teleport rooms
and just basically anything to get you
to shadow village okay so we'll start
close right now by inspecting sorry pass
okay than expecting him here next door
and talk to the cook and asking about
the recipe for the creme brulee
okay guys what you spoke to the cook if
you use use the pot cream on the bucket
you'll get a milky mixture and from here
now you need to just run north and you
need to grind your sweet corn in the
windmill so I'll resume when I get to
there okay guys here we are
so basically exactly the same method as
you juice for the grinding the wheat and
flour they all go to the top floor then
use your sweet corn in the hopper
operate the controls all the way right
down to the bottom floor
huge pot on the flour bin make some corn
flour now add the corn flour to milky
mixture and you'll get a corn flour
mixture okay so now from here you've had
to drain the village and you talked to
the wise old man
okay so here we are at the wise old man
bitch going talk to him and ask about
the evil chicken that's it
now you've head into Denarius is why you
dream stuff so creepy stuff and head
down to the swamp okay guys get here
open the door let the butterflies take
you away okay and basically we're going
right here see your chickens shine so
quick your answer fire shield very
important if you don't do it I swear to
guys you will get dropped drink and fire
potion if you want to use the chicken on
the shrine let the ball flies take you
away here's inside protect familia play
pot up and kill a black dragon
you guys are just ridiculous
I used six dose of pressure to kill one
thing what got them here is a dragon
Tokyo
did you 92 run south
okay and it's switch to frame age and
then basically go here with chicken
basically national head shower village
oh okay guys right the my map from
legends be right back
hey guys I'm back Eve enough to map it
you just have to add the radius very
much notes on you so if you haven't
completed legends make sure you bring
those otherwise until I do I try it on
video
there was always cool I could you know
act cool and it's a part okay so
basically once you get into the jungle
alright we're changing what you have to
find a vanilla pod I'm not gonna fit
sure where they are
she was running around to fire one or
our forms we don't share without a set
as here they are basically in the middle
of the jungle at the very far south end
you know of your plants so search you
get a vanilla pod wake up Louise I think
you caught them then it's right now use
a vanilla pod on the cornflour mixture
then use the evil chicken's egg on the
cornflour mixture boom and then I
believe you cinnamon on it now yep now
it's nice fun being fun bein fun being
right now Ruby dragon still come Oh
Triton lumbridge - okay so it go
back to Longbridge first honestly will
fast - Liam just up so bad
so total on bridge and then rope you
dragon token
ice gloves Janet okay I'll do it all
again
oh here we go hold it out slap some fire
on here
and Dragons tokens vanish from your
backpack but you've done it I believe or
not this is supposed to be the longest
section on rest before disaster and I've
just done this whole thing in about 15
minutes with a few foot pups so that's
not bad really set was the longest part
yeah as always go back in fine
sighs just my headset yeah
use the relay on sandbars oh there we go
I'm boom you're done 4k cooking for K HP
one quest point and now I've got dragon
gloves which means the only place I have
left to do now is BIOS Oh get cutscene
after this far as off this is quits the
last section not good salmon bars white
screen
jeez
I'll be back but in Terminator okay so
that's up
now basically actually I believe now is
used to portal in to tell what I need to
do I need to do the same quest for
choices is for and I couldn't they have
821 so 55 to go thanks watching guys I
hope this helped
see you soon bye